The next requirement is for the airlines specifically.
In the application, you will want to create the ability for
the first airline that will be part of
the collaboration to be registered when the contract is initially deployed.
You could design it so this is not in place,
but it'll make it much harder for you to create code that does that.
So to make it simpler,
have the first airline automatically deployed as part
of the initial deployment of the contract.
Only existing airlines may register
a new airline until there are at least four airlines registered.
So the first airline is registered as part of the deployment.
The second third fourth register airlines are
registered by any of the airlines that had been registered to that point.
Now, once you cross the threshold of the fourth airline,
your smart contract needs to get smarter.
It needs to use the multi-party consensus technique that we learned about,
to have at least 50 percent of the currently registered airlines to
approve the registration of the fifth and subsequent airlines.
So this is very reflective of the real world
where as you create an entity as more members are welcome to it,
because it causes dilution of the existing members,
they might want to have a say,
they might have a different idea of who should be welcomed and who should be not.
Now, we can't go through a democratic process in the blockchain.
What we can do is enforced some rules.
Those rules are that we have multi-party consensus.
So you reach a threshold of 50 percent of the existing airlines that are registered,
can approve, and add on a new airline.
Now, the registration of an airline within your smart contract needs to be two level.
The first level is when they get registered and
approved after the multi-party consensus has occurred,
or potentially not approved if the multi-party consensus fails.
But after they're approved,
one of the things we want is that
all the airlines actually provide some funding within the app.
This is essentially the seed funding for
the insurance and that's a requirement for every airline,
and for the purpose of this project and the simulation if you will,
each airline has to submit 10 either.
So as the airlines increase,
the amount of funding that is in the smart contract will also increase.
So that's requirement number 2,
how the airlines will be managed in your smart contract.